The most interesting article was the one about Kansas, and just the absurdity of the whole situation. A few points about the internet being physical stood out, one being that the location on the map was decided by a human, and that the millions of IP addresses in the “cloud” ultimately reside somewhere inside a building. I’m confused by a few things though; why are there default IP addresses in the first place? Wouldn’t it be easier to just return “address not found” instead? Also how did that location manage to rack up so many IP addresses? The house in Atlanta makes sense because there were data centers near by, and the nearest location tracking pinned it there. But in Kansas, there’s nothing nearby. Was all the traffic coming from around the country? If that were the case, then the location tracking wouldn’t be very accurate especially if say an IP were in California, and instead someone thought it was in Kansas. The article mentions there being other default location also which makes it more confusing. I though the article about emojis vs unicode to be thought provoking too. Judging by the title, I thought the article would talk about how people are super inclined towards technology, but really inept at other super simple things. But instead, it’s not so much the ignorance of people that was causing them to not write their name, the technology they’re using is physically holding them back. This is similar to another thing I’ve thought about since the start of the year, which is that do all people program in English? Considering these leads leads to the bigger concept offdoes someone or something have the right to dictate exactly how something is used, as long as they were the first ones to develop it? 


