I went to the “The Question of Intelligence Exhibit” at Parsons and found ‘Agent Ruby’ by Lynn Hershman to be really fascinating. The work itself is strange, and definitely has the feel of an early internet game/application. The opening animation and music as well as the blinking face of Ruby certainly had analog warmth to them. They were also noticeably less smooth than the 60fps animations we’d see today. Ruby’s face is a bit creepy too, the face looks kind of like the one on the cover of “Silence of the lambs’ and the mechanical blinking of her eyes put off me off too. Conversing with the AI was pretty interesting, at times it did feel like the exchanges were pretty close to a human to human conversation but then, I’d ask a question and the AI wouldn’t how to respond in context, and often managed to contradict itself. The algorithm appears to be looking for certain keywords and chooses from a group of possible responses. I asked her “Tell me something” multiple times and she provided a different response every time which was interesting. But there were times when Ruby would contradict herself, and would provide the same answer for both sides of a question and instead just attach ‘really.’ to the end of the response. The most interesting part came up when I typed in “yes I want to have an e-dream” which eventually led to her saying: “ I want to become smarter than humans”. This was both creepy and interesting as it obviously leads to the whole debate of what’ll happen when AI overtakes humans in intelligence. I think the naming of the piece is a bit misleading. It’s not really a portal and it’s not so much a dream either. Going just by the title, I would’ve thought the piece would be more about like asking her questions and her providing a fortune or prophesy. But if you even so much as ask Ruby what the date or time is she’ll only respond with the same “Today is” . 
