Bad Writer was a really interesting piece to read about, there was something super satisfied with how Michael would rip into the really bad writers’ works and the writers’ subsequent indignant responses. It made a lot of sense in the world of writing, so it was a bit of a challenge to try and connect it to technology. Ultimately I think the themes that are most applicable to the tech world from Bad Writer are: lack of research, and arrogant assumptions. Lack of research applies mainly to what gets written about certain tech I think. A good writer would present both sides of the argument but someone uninformed and fanatical about a subject would just go out and either entirely downplay the risks or write only about what could go wrong. 


Nuclear energy is a topic where bad writing has tainted the opinions of most people. Most people wouldn’t consider the notion of utilizing more nuclear power as a massive source of energy that is carbon free. Bad writing has filled the minds of people with images of Cherynobl and what happened then. In fact, the only argument most people would present against nuclear power is that one incident. The actual events of what happened that led to the meltdown is nowhere near as accepted as common knowledge. If the majority of people knew that it was mostly human error that caused the disaster people wouldn’t be as scared of nuclear power today. A good journalist writing about nuclear power would point out that nuclear meltdown is a possibility, but that regulations and safety protocols have increased dramatically since Cherynobl. The benefits of nuclear power would then be weighed against the already low risk of a malfunction combined with better safety measures. This informs the reader with much more information than fear mongering content.
	
	
The other issue about technology that Bad Writer touches upon is the lack of consideration of the target audience for a new product. The part where writers like Christopher or the Harry got so agitated that they resorted to ad hominem retorts against Michael inspired me to think about how some inventors assume everyone has the same abilities and knowledge as themselves. For example, the way Michael was insulted is like the same as an athlete who invented a product for most people except those who were physically disabled. The reasoning there would be that disabled people are the minority and so they matter less than the able-bodied people who would also be interested in the product. 



