When I’m in the brainstorming phase of trying to come up with an idea or concept for my next project, I’m always considering things in terms of images and feelings. In my head, I can usually recall other works of art that are related to what I’m trying to create, and see if they’re elements of those that I’d like to take inspiration from. On top of that, I’m also able to picture how a certain edit would look like and how that would change what I have already. While storyboarding, I see the location that I want and try to consider it from different viewpoints using my memory if I’ve been there before, or using reference pictures. I’m also able to feel the vibe of a work of art, and if I really like a photo or movie scene it’s because it managed to trigger stir some subconscious emotion. Often it feels like the artwork managed to emulate the same feeling that just seems to have always been with me, and other times it just manages to capture the feeling of a past experience I’ve lived. Almost always this feeling is triggered by the colors that are present, and also the music if there is any. I tend to drift towards light, pastel-like colors in the photographs I enjoy. Sunsets and sunrises, as well as colorful architecture fill my feed and I’ve found myself emulating that aesthetic more and more. I really enjoy black and white as well, and currently am directing a film that gives off the sense of New York in the 50’s and 60’s. Something about that era is just really appealing, the best way I can describe is as a quiet sense of comfort and excitement .

My relationship with creative content is a bit weird. The conniption I associate with creative is of the stereotypical artist portrayed in movies and such. Where he dresses a bit differently than normal people, makes it very well known to others that he is an “artist” and kind of dances around and does some weird routines to try and get creativity to come to him. I just feel like the people who do this are super extra and quite honestly just procrastinating while making an excuse that it’s needed for being creative. I approach creativity with a more scientific mindset. I write out write out the goals I want to accomplish with what I’m making, then I set about trying to find the pieces I’ll need to help me build a basic idea that I like. Along the way I’ll find new inspiration that’ll better help me refine the process. There’s really no leaving anything to chance with how I do things, I want to always make sure that I’m in control and know exactly what I want. 

I definitely feel like Diaz has a point when he talks about, outsiders taking what indigenous people do and haphazardly slapping it with a label that says it is art. His description about making art that isn’t meant for outsiders to appreciate but rather for those closest to he artist because it details the tragedies and experiences those people have felt together. These works follow the function before form idea and I feel are much more significant that works that are designed to be gobbled up  by a more general population. Often when I see something in an art gallery that makes me feel absolutely nothing, I wonder about the group of people who chose that artwork to be part of the exhibit. Is there motive really to include art that encapsulates the best principles of what art should be, or is it to just drive attention to that specific museum? I think Diaz would definitely agree with including art that caters to a smaller audience that fully understands its meaning, rather than meaningless art in which a larger, more uptight group could pretend to appreciate without fully understanding. 
